Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[chanting]
[cooing]
[bird squawks, screams]
I call you forth! Argante. Lady Pale.
Baba Yaga. Eldritch Queen.
[female voice] I have many names.
I come to trade.
Gunmar's war for the surface lands
has ravaged my village.
I need the power to protect my people.
[female voice] You seek magic,
but what do you bring in return?
[grunts]
Here, my offering,
carved from my own living stone.
Yes! I can... I can feel it!
It is so... It is so...
[groans]
[roars]
[growls]
My soul! You lied to me!
-[growls]
-[giggles]
[female voice] You fool.
Your flesh is worth nothing.
What have you done to me?
Inside, I am so... so...
empty!
[female voice] I gave you what you wanted.
Now, your soul is mine!
[voice echoes]
You will seek Merlin's champions
and bring death to his Trollhunters!
-[voice echoes]
-[groaning]
[panting]
No!
[screams]
[music playing]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-Mm...
The Trollhunter.
You have returned
and without your amulet.
I need the Kairosect.
[laughs]
The Kairosect? Dangerous magic.
After what your friends did to me,
why should I let you live?
'Cause this time, I  have a riddle for you.
Really? A riddle?
[chuckles]
I am the master of riddles.
I know them all.
-But you don't know this one.
-Willing to bet your life on it?
What do you call cheese that isn't yours?
Hmm...
"What do you call cheese
that is not yours?"
Hmm...
I've got it! "Nacho cheese."
And it's "nacho" day, either. Now!
[sighs]
I said, "Now!"
[yelling]
-Master Jim! [grunts]
-[grunts]
For the glory of Merlin,
Daylight is mine to command!
-A trick? [grunts]
-Come on! Come on!
[mumbles incoherently]
-Down the hatch!
-[groans] Not again. After them!
Ahh! Ahh!
I miss the simpler days of hunting gnomes.
Hurry! Keep looking!
-[weapons clanging]
-[screams, groans]
Ha-ha! The Kairosect!
Good work, my chum!
Tobias, let's evacuate! Ha-ha!
Uh, poor choice of words.
[weapons clanging]
Hey, over here!
That's right, boys. Your big boss
didn't like those tacos last time?
Well, this is worse.
The Mega Trinidad Scorpion Burrito
with spicy sour cream and pastrami.
If I were you,
I might want to skedaddle.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[laughs]
Uh-oh.
Fire in the hole!
[gasps]
Not again!
[panting]
Ha! Looks like it's "nacho" Kairosect,
either. See ya, suckers!
Well, that was almost a clean getaway.
Curse you, Trollhunter!
-Interesting...
-Ooh.
Fascinating...
Intriguing...
So, how exactly does this thing
get Strickler's ring off?
That is the conundrum.
Perhaps someone should have stolen
the instruction manual as well.
Eh, it doesn't look that com--
Whoa! Where'd Blinky go?
Yes! Yes! Eureka! It works!
-What? What work?
-How did you get up there?
The Kairosect enables its bearer
to step outside of time,
affording the opportunity to do this.
-[laughs]
-[gasps] What just happened?
-I feel so violated.
-[groaning]
-This is amazing!
-Ow!
Do you know what this means?
So, that's how you get a ring off someone
without them knowing.
We'd have so much time on our hands!
I don't have to worry about juggling
two lives at once!
I could live all the lives I want!
We could travel the world in a day!
We could get PhDs in everything!
Finally learn to play the bagpipes!
Become karate masters!
Dude, we'd be Renaissance men!
Or you could pass Uhl's Spanish test,
unless you want to fail his class.
[groans]
Me olvidé.  I forgot!
Ah! Powers of this device
are limited to three rules.
According to the inscription,
if my Salickacious is correct,
the first is that only one person
can step outside of time.
Oh...
Secondly, the time-stopping effect
lasts for precisely 43 minutes
and nine seconds.
-And the third?
-You can only use it, uh... three times.
Well! Now, we know the rules!
Wait! You just used that thing,
like, twice.
Well, the first, to test its ability,
and the second,
to demonstrate it to all of you.
Blink, you wasted our shots!
Now, we've only got one chance
to get the ring off Strickler!
In that case,
I suggest you assure yourselves
of his whereabouts before proceeding.
And I suggest you study
for that Spanish final.
[groans]
There's not enough hours in the day,
is there, kiddo?
Thanks, Mom.
Sorry, I'm cramming for a Spanish exam.
I was thinking about reaching out
to your guidance counselor.
-He left so abruptly.
-Uh-huh.
All right. Night, kiddo.
Try to fit some sleep
into your busy schedule, okay?
Sure, Mom.
-[groans]
-[door closes]
-[indistinct chatter in distance]
-[snoring]
-Guillermo, no... no...
-[robotic voice] I am Gun Robot.
-[object clattering]
-I am--
-What? What? It's four in the morning.
-[Toby] Jim! Where are you?
Sleeping. Why are you calling me
in the middle of the night?
Jim, it's 8:30!
[screams, gasps]
I slept through my alarm!
They're gonna carve that
on your tombstone, Jimbo. The test?
[gasps, grunts]
So late! So late!
[gasps, chuckles]
Usted es un hombre muerto, mi amigo.
[grunts, pants]
-Dude!
-I overslept!
[chuckles]
-[clock ticking]
-Hmm...
[sighs]
-[watch beeping]
-[gasps]
[chuckles]
You are out of time, amigo.  Pencils down.
-That was dumb.
-[sighs]
That sucked big-time.
Come on, think positive! You never know,
you might have aced the thing.
I didn't get past the first page.
But maybe you impressed him so much
on that first page
'cause you've got good handwriting?
No, yeah. You're going to summer school.
You're definitely going to summer school.
-What am I gonna do, Tobes?
-[Claire] We got a problem!
-Oh, great. Now, what?
-[school bell rings]
I was thinking last night.
Say you go through with the trade
and Angor's free.
-How can we trust him?
-What do you mean?
He kills Trollhunters.
I don't think he's looking to retire.
But I thought if he doesn't
get the ring back to Angor,
-he's dead meat.
-I am Gun Robot--
So, what?
We don't go through with the deal?
-Hello?
-[Bagdwella] An infestation!
Bagdwella? How did you get my number?
Infestation of gnomes in my shop!
I need the Trollhunter!
[gasps]
-[smooching]
-[screams]
I got it! What if you
take the ring and wear it?
You're talking about betraying
a troll assassin.
No. We're talking about controlling
Not assassins, dear!
Gnomes! They're revolting!
-I know, gnomes are disgusting.
-No, the other kind of revolting, dear!
They've organized to tear apart my shop!
-So, what are you gonna do?
-Uh...
Spring Fling challenge in one hour,
butt-munch. Textbook stacking.
As my books go up, you go down.
-The Trollhunter cannot refuse the call.
-I can't!
What do you mean, you can't? You either
wear the ring or make the trade.
-I can't stack gnomes!
-Not stacking! Catching!
Poof! Last challenge, Lake!
-Just get the ring--
-No, you have to trade--
-[screams] I'm losing my mind!
-[school bell rings]
[grunts]
[screaming]
-What a freak.
-[sighs]
We could've been Renaissance men.
-[Blinky groans]
-Mm.
-A thousand apologies.
-Oh, please, don't apologize.
I really appreciate you taking the time.
[sneezes] This time, I promise,
you have my undivided attention.
So, about Master Jim--
I mean Jim, your son.
Well, in a way, things have gotten worse,
and I didn't even think that was possible.
-[takes deep breath] Tell me.
-I mean, he just seems so...
preoccupied.
It's almost like
he has this entire secret life
that I don't know anything about.
-[gasps, screams]
-Wait. Oh, my gosh. What is that?
-Mosquito.
-Okay.
I know that teenagers go through
all manner of changes,
but what bothers me is that Jim and I
have always been close.
I mean, I didn't think that we would ever
keep secrets from each other.
[gasps]
Uh...
-Are you okay?
-[chuckles nervously]
I-I truly doubt he's keeping
anything secret from you.
Yeah, what-- what do you think
is going on with him?
Ooh, let me...
[grunts, yelps]
Growing pains?
Oh, um, well, it's been more than that.
He's been defiant.
Jim has always been such a good boy.
Well, perhaps the issue
is that he's no longer a man--
I mean, becoming a troll!
[screams]
[gasps]
A man! Uh...
[chuckles]
My, what a large salad selection.
Are you sure you're all right?
I've never felt better.
[sneezes, farts]
Oh, dear. Just gassy.
[clears throat]
Mr. Blinky, your skin...
You're turning blue.
Now, I don't want to alarm you,
but I think you're having a heart attack.
[chuckles, groans]
And are you smoking?
A filthy habit. I really must quit.
Excuse me.
I-I must use the facilities.
I'll just be a moment.
And you're taking the menu?
Um, reading material!
[grunts, screams]
[loud fart]
-[screaming]
-Uh, you okay in there, buddy?
You don't sound so good.
-Whoa! [coughs]
-[groaning]
-Ew! That's not normal.
-[grunts]
Sounds like you need a doctor, buddy.
Yo, is there a doctor here?
-[screams] Ow!
-Someone sounds like
-they are in a world of pain.
-Oh, dear.
I'm a doctor.
Mr. Blinky, are you okay in there?
[whispering]
Of all the worst possible times.
I'm fine! Really, nothing to see here.
Please, unlock the door. I can help you.
Everyone, go away!
-[school bell rings]
-Okay, I gotta ace the Spanish midterm,
fix Bagdwella's gnome problem,
figure out what book stacking is,
so I can win Spring Fling!
Then I can be your duke.
And find the right moment
to take Strickler's ring off.
When you get the ring, you're not gonna
give it back to Angor, right?
You can control him.
If he doesn't get the ring
back to Angor, he's wasted.
-I am Gun Robot--
-Oh, come on. Not again. Yeah?
Master Jim! Disaster!
I'm reverting to troll form!
That's great! Isn't that what you wanted?
Yes, but not in a public toilet where
your mother is beating down the door!
[Barbara] Please, please, Mr. Blinky!
-I just want to see that you're all right.
-[gasps]
I'm a doctor, and I need you
to open the door. Okay?
What? How?
Those questions aren't the most pertinent
at the moment. The real quandary is--
Could someone please help me
open this door?
How fast can you get here?
Stay put.
We'll be there as soon as we can.
Blinky's stuck in Arcadia
and he's turning into a troll.
My Shadow Staff is at home.
Tell him I'll be right there!
-[grunting]
-[grunts, screams]
[both screaming]
-Claire, no!
-[horn honking]
-[screams]
-[breathing heavily]
-[ticking]
[gasping]
[truck horn honking, faint]
[sighs]
[ticking continues]
[gasps]
Huh.
-[gasps]
-[bird squawking, faint]
-[ticking continues]
-Whoa! It worked!
Uh...
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Why did you let me drag you into this?
But how could I ever say "no"
to those eyes?
[scoffs]
Jim, focus!
[Blinky] The time-stopping effect lasts
for precisely 43 minutes and nine seconds.
I suggest you assure yourselves
of his whereabouts before proceeding.
Forty-three minutes, nine seconds.
How long do I have now?
Gonna have to guess. Forty-two minutes.
[school bell ringing, faint]
Ugh, Strickler, where are you?
Oh, the Spring Fling challenge!
[grunts, chuckles]
[chuckles]
The ring.
Aha!
[groans] You've gotta be kidding me!
Where are you, Strickler?
[gasps]
Ah! The dentist!
The dentist. The dentist.
Oh, freak! El  test!
I've got time. I've totally got time.
Finito!
[exhales]
I've got time.
[chuckles]
Adiós, Señor Uhl.
Gotta not hit cars.
Gotta get to the dentist.
[screams]
Gotta save Blinky!
Excuse me, Mother.
[grunting]
[continues grunting]
[sighs]
Hmm...
[grunts]
Jeez! Blinky!
What have you been eating?
[grunts]
Gotta get you out of the sun.
I have time, right?
[engine revs]
[grunting]
Come on. Come on, come on.
[grunts]
Phew! Oh, I've got plenty of time.
-[gasps]
-[squeaking]
The gnomes!
[sighs]
[gasps]
[grunts]
All right. Now, to get that ring.
Aha!
There it is!
[chuckling]
[sighs]
Hey, Strickler!
[snorting]
[spits]
And with nine minutes to spare.
Look at that.
Just enough time to decide
whether I give him his soul back...
or wear the ring and control him.
Hmm...
[grunts]
The Killstone! I can get it back!
[beeping]
[tires squealing]
-[beeping]
-[sighs]
[clears throat]
[breathing uneasily]
[inhales]
Okay, okay...
[inhales sharply]
[inhales]
Okay.
[grunts] Huh.
[grunting]
Come on!
-[engine stalling]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
-[rapid beeping]
-No! No, no, no!
-[screaming]
[gasps]
He used the Kairosect!
[growls]
Eli Pepperjack, for the win!
Ow! Hm. ¿Qué?
[screams]
Where did he go?
[both gasp]
Blinky, you're back. How?
-[gnomes chattering]
-Oh, good gracious! Oh!
[Strickler gagging]
-[growls]
-[screams]
-[grunts]
-Whoa!
[grunts]
[grunting]
-[screams]
-You dare try to control me?
For the glory of Merlin,
Daylight is mine to command.
-[screams] Oh, no!
-Give me the ring!
-[panting]
-[grunting]
[screams]
My soul...
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
No.
It's... It's gone.
[grunts]
Come on, come on!
I'll kill you!
[panting]
[screams]
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[panting]
[yells, snarls]
-[yelling]
-[gasps]
[grunting]
[yells]
[grunts, gasps]
Oh, no!
-[birds tweeting]
-[exhales]
-[chuckles]
-[humming]
[Blinky]
Let's hope he doesn't want this back.
With the ring destroyed,
there's no controlling him now.
[door opens]
[grunts]
I saw no sign of Angor Rot.
Then he has evaded us for now. Be wary.
There is no saying
when or how he'll strike.
[groaning, smacking lips]
-[groans, grumbles]
-[car door closes]
[gasps]
The ring! What?
Oh, no!
[breathing heavily]
[music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org